what's up everyone Alex here from unreal
entertainment gaming and today everybody
I'm gonna bring you one of my funny
stories from high school this actually
dates back to 2006 so just bear with me
oh I know a lot of you guys aren't even
in high school yet but for those of you
who are or have already graduated I'm
sure you have some stories to tell as
well but nonetheless high school for me
was one of the best years of my life
certainly I'm gonna go back to the
beginning of high school now when I
first entered the high school that I was
going to which was Grover Cleveland High
School in New York it was 2006 and now I
was entering as a freshman and the very
first day I went to school I swear to
you I have never seen as many
gangbangers and as many hookers as I did
in front of that school that I I mean it
was just incredible there were there
were so many gang bangers during that
time I mean legitly I saw Bloods I saw
Crips
I saw Kings back to the DPL I saw all
these Street gangs I saw like gangs I've
never even heard of but um I digress
anyways um the first year of high school
was very very interesting because it
always is you know it's a brand new
school brand new people certainly a lot
of you out there have different
criterias inside of your school than I
do
certainly my school was in New York so
you know how New York is I'm pretty sure
it's a lot different than the high
school in Ohio in Ohio so um the first
years of my high school was just crazy
um I saw so many fistfights in the
hallway the very first fistfight I saw
was with two girls one was like a
pregnant girl and the other one was like
a black ghetto you know gangbang and
chick whatever so I remember when they
fought whatever the other girl liked the
gang banger chick had a handful of hair
you know that's how bad it was but
nonetheless um you know I graduated on
time I graduated perfectly you know over
over the years you learned to grow up a
little bit I certainly wasn't involved
with the wrong crowd of Michael I I was
associated with gangbangers and stuff I
was doing things that I really really
didn't want to do but um it was just
crazy because the beginning of my high
school years
there was a lot of sluts I mean there
still are a lot of sluts probably more
now than ever but back then I mean it
was just like pretty look there there
were pretty sluts now they're all ugly
fucking whores you know what I mean so
um you know the fights in the hallway I
mean there was a school shooting there
was actually several school shootings
now that I remember there was one in
Grover Cleveland Park which is across
the street from the school there was a
shooting there um there was a shooting
right in front of the school actually
with a bunch of Crips um it was just
pretty it was pretty bad but by the time
you know I rolled on in with my senior
year you didn't really see any
gangbangers you didn't really see as
much drama as you did in the beginning
of the year but nonetheless I mean
people learn how to you know to grow up
but eventually a lot of these
gangbangers and stuff they all got
locked up they all got you know you know
they either dropped out or whatever but
um the beginning of high school was very
interesting for me because that was the
most interesting time to make friends
it always is you know when you go into
high school you want to make friends you
want to fit in sort of say and that's
what I tried doing and you really have
you you really do find your niche in
high school and in my honest opinion if
I had to give you guys advice it'll be
to stay in school and actually learn um
I know that's a very old and cliche term
but knowledge is power you know I
learned that you know a couple of years
ago because you know not to brag or
nothing but I'm really intelligent and I
you know present that and I show people
that if you have intelligence you will
get far in life don't just go to high
school to get high and you know not do
anything just sit in class and not do
shit that's not gonna benefit you at all
you know what I mean um you're gonna
lose a lot of your years basically
you're gonna go to high school and not
learn anything you get to go into the
real world confused and certainly the
beginning of high school for me was very
dramatic it was really crazy because uh
you would see fights like almost every
other day either inside the school or
outside the school um we had school
riots we had school shootings we had
gang fights in the stairway I remember
one time some girl named Shawna is like
she beat the SH out of some other girl
um in the in the stairway and she was a
blood - so she beat the SH out of this
one girl by the staircase she actually
like bloodied her nose and everything
you know it was it was that bad you know
and I can go into much great depth with
this but pretty much my advice is just
if you're going to high school or if
you're gonna start high school just do
what you got to do to get out of there
um learn as much as you can't make as
many friends as you can and just don't
follow the crowd don't do drugs that
shit will fuck you up if you drop out
and you only let your parents down you
only let yourself down um but certainly
I've got so many more stories to tell
just just so many because those were
really interesting times now it's all
boring and shit y'all work you have to
worry about responsibilities and stuff
like that it's just yeah but um thank
you all for watching as always everybody
my name is only underpayment gaming if
you guys are Call of Duty fans don't
forget to subscribe to my channel for
all the latest call duty news
information - updates if you guys
enjoyed this video if you guys found
this video informative and funny if you
entertain please give this video a like
comment in the comment section below let
me know some of your high school stories
if you guys already graduated
let me know some of the high school
memories that you guys have had if you
guys are in high school what is what are
some of your high school memories to
date and if you're just entering high
school let me know what you guys expect
to see while going there because
certainly everybody's different this is
a very I am very diverse you know my
channel is very diverse so I want to
hear from everybody I want to hear your
thoughts and opinions and long data note
guys stay tuned for more because I have
a lot more snow
to tell the Giveaways guys I'll be doing
a lot more giveaways as you guys already
saw and stay tuned for more subscribe
share my channel share this video to
everybody like me on Facebook follow me
on Twitter ask.fm if you want to ask me
a question and I'll be seeing you guys
later peace